neglecting time,
the warmth, setting of the sun,
rotating earth and orbitting galaxies,
for containerized experiences
packaged up within their physical mediums,
having been engineered by our scientists
to play out the pre-programmed show
upon the command of the we the consumer.

we who have narrowed our range of consciousness
yet pinpointed and concentrated it so much
on such a potent conglomerate of information,
(so tightly packed)
another dataset to float through the ether,

somehow deep faith emerged in this,
time and suffering no longer,
physical space just a label for an indifferet, meaningless, empty perception
that passes us by while we configure our next dataset.

___________
all day pulling words from a cosmic void
from the form of the air which he breathes.

dancing man packaged and frozen,
still the same old tv dinner serial killer though,

what's that? you've discovered the mechanics of entropy?
derived the laws and wrote it down?

and when you have dreams like that,
thinkin on a timescale like that
----------
i don't care about the material world,
my mind's flying through dreams and fantasies
and i know of all the suffering and pain going on around,
but i just can't care about it when i was just dropped here not too long ago.
i'm tryin to get back to my soul

_____________

mantra man runnin around town, tie a rope around my neck,
with your cthulu krishna daydreams,

--------
i remember that moment,
in that classroom,
i saw the cascading dimensions,
the space of thought, and ideas,
i'm still fascinated by this

coulda been kripke
coulda been george
karma-copesthetic day-dream blues
ephemeral elliptical chandelleir kalaedescope

when it becomes too much to hold up ego

could it be possible to make these digital representations point to the layers of phenomenon itself that composes the data?

there's a limp in my heart
(right on my cue)
am i at the right intersection?

bovine nemasis
canteloupe cattle
----
i think it's about time we sat down and figured out what it really is that we want, (to do with this life and this view)
livin in a world of saturated information,
the age of apathy
brought on by the mezmorizement of our technology
the thoughts whirl seething with atrophy,
always feeling like i'm falling through many different dimensions
----
dancing on an abstract cornerstone of conceptual potential,
stake in my eye, nailing my mind down to the ground,
through this limp in my heart, these structures that i see among us
reveal that the universe is just on another cycle of its infinite spiral
(believe me i never wanted my mind to go here)
and i can only stay for so long before the absolute meta-awareness sweeps me again away.
only perceiving in past lives and
--
johnny walker prove it!
european sellsword vector.



i just feel like i've been placed into some sort of a simulation, where the range of my senses have been diminished, and there's this strange mathematical constant behind it all, despite how fucked up my understanding of things may become. and this whole thing is a game and there are "people" standing over my real "body" in some higher dimension watching everything play out and waiting for me to figure it all out. they have ran this expirement many times, and wonder what form my realization will take this time around. :

-------
force of truth, underneath these waves, i feel you.
will to consciousness, nudging, carefeul not to scare, i seem to understand you.

